To really do everything, all of your time must be spent at high intensity.

Doing everything means doing maximizing the impact of all of your time alive, which requires the highest leverage for every single hour you'll ever have. 

To get two PhD's, work exceptionally hard while sleeping in the office, and knowing your daughter for her first 4 years, everything must be done with high intensity. Work hard enough to require sleeping in the office, spend extremely high quality time with your family, when you're with your daughter, make the most of every second. This is also dependent on when you see your daughter, as she must keep up.

Thanks Mischa, my brain starts working in extremely useful ways whenever I talk to you.

Can you do everything?
Is my brain autocorrecting "4-5 things" to "everything"

Can you do anything?
You can't do anything if there are other any things you want to be doing. But *everything* is possible?

I simultaneously believe you can't do anything (I'll never be a math PhD, I could not take that) but you can do everything.

It's back to intensity, if you're at extremely high intensity all the time and have extremely high leverage for your time, you can do everything. 

Even Elon could not spend as much time at Starbase for the last year. Can he do everything? Apparently the government is unfixable.

"You can do everything" serves as a statement of intensity. If you increase the intensity at which you spend your life, you can always increase your net productivity.

However, marginal productivity decreases. Eventually, your productivity does reach a limit, likely asymptotically.

Can I do everything? If not, what do I replace this statement with?

I replaced "you can just do things" with "you can do everything" and never said "you can do anything."

I was always against "you can do anything." I won't ever be a math PhD so I can't do everything. But "you can do everything" is a statement about marginal productivity.

You Can Do Everything:
1. Mischa story from Sanctuary
2. I've been saying you can do everything, so far mostly on dates where I wouldn't get much push back
3. I had to reconsider when sharing my thoughts on to some UBC Solar people
4. I never liked "you can do anything." There are things I can't do, so the statement is clearly false.
5. It's continually gone through my head that "you can do everything." It has not stopped it's been continuous, the times when my brain won't stop telling me something. In this case it's in place of "you must work harder" and "a maniacal sense of urgency is our operating principle."
	If I got onto UBC Rocket, I would continue telling myself you can do everything. But since I didn't get onto UBC Rocket, I need to tell myself you can do everything.
6. Can you really do everything? Elon spent less time at Starbase and after about a year found regardless that the government is unfixable. That's something Elon can't do, so even he can't do any thing. But can he do everything?
7. What is my brain really telling me with "You can do everything": You can endlessly increase your marginal productivity

I found it, with help from the LLMs
https://youtu.be/v4Z9f5ZKsDY?si=SgACJ-PUw_ND-Hq2&t=729
https://www.reddit.com/r/Kanye/comments/fmhdkh/kanyes_sunday_service_speech_on_cancel_culture/?utm_source=chatgpt.com


